Hello, everyone.
So let me quickly state what is K-dimensional dp
The common sense now that what is k dimension, which is which has k independent variables.
So if I have a state, let's say f(x,y,z) this becomes the 3D dp because here I say
that X, Y and Z are independent of each other and then I'll have to memoize them.
I have to memoize all three of them together.
Right.
That means I cannot derive X from Y or Z or something.
I cannot make relations between Y and Z.
Let's say.
I cannot say that X is a function of.
Y,z, right.
This should not be that the only we can say that all of these three are independent variables.
And so what is K dimensionally?
k-dimensional is nothing but a state which has K independent dimension.
That can be a 3D, it can be 4D.
It can be five D and so on it.
In this section I have not especially included some problems for K Dimensional DP, but after this section
there are so many sections like DP with bit mask.
SS DP, digit DP, initially we realize that we have to take some, we have take many dimension
which are different right.
So we have to use a we have to take many dimensions and find out the recursive relation and memories.
Then you'll get an idea of K dimension DP by moving on to the further sections and yeah, that's
it.
In the next part, everyone, I hope you have a frankly and clearly understood how does 1D DP, 2D
DP works.
I've given enough examples and also I've shared some good problems in the site.
See you in the next part for I will be beginning with something very interesting.
cool thanks.